beauty talks beauty salon what is it
good and tapas with canal sleep but I go
to record on, no problem, that's fine.
I'll make the correct one of the accessories that
I use to play and the first one I go
show is my darling and it's the
that the prince al for me is the main
I'm going to start with my
mouse beauty you will see here is the
model sansone a mouse I do not know the 5 of
that I can speak we take to it is
small and I do not see here footprint
in my hand is small and who else should
It's great, is not no such a light laser?
red inside and it has no regulation
but he is my baby and here he is on the side
heavenly the little button is out there I will give
on the page you can configure in the game
mottaki in collective that is normal maura
of total
and he's a certain samsung brand
that way you can see who else
I can talk in the children's zone.
here behind the computer that is standard is
I'm middle of the year organized but everything
good
I want to talk about evil, but who else?
I can speak
I do not know how much it cost r $ 15 in
site on the extreme I'll try to put
the link for you is not right and starting
my accessory series on mouse pad
I'll talk more forward
this is evil
Okay so if you have any questions, it's fine.
just ask I have it since
February
That's when they were nine months old.
sure and he's never seen Pakistan stays
dirty because it's medical black those
layers of dirt but still draw with
God is good, is not this the one who continues to
Jewel and paid the hug I went